Add help relating to Android intent queries (#2774)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/linking.md

The method returns a `Promise` object. When it is determined whether or not the given URL can be handled, the promise is resolved and the first parameter is whether or not it can be opened.

> The `Promise` will reject on Android if it was impossible to check if the URL can be opened or when targetting Android 11 (SDK 30) if you didn't specify the relevant intent queries in `AndroidManifest.xml`, and on iOS if you didn't add the specific scheme in the `LSApplicationQueriesSchemes` key inside `Info.plist` (see bellow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Promise` will reject on Android if it was impossible to check if the URL can be opened or when targetting Android 11 (SDK 30) if you didn't specify the relevant intent queries in `AndroidManifest.xml`. Similarly on iOS, the promise will reject if you didn't add the specific scheme in the `LSApplicationQueriesSchemes` key inside `Info.plist` (see bellow).
```

>
> As of iOS 9, your app also needs to provide the `LSApplicationQueriesSchemes` key inside `Info.plist` or `canOpenURL()` will always return `false`.

> When targetting Android 11 (SDK 30) you must specifiy the intents for the schemes you which to handle in `AndroidManifext.xml`. A list of common intents can be found [here](https://developer.android.com/guide/components/intents-common).
>

> > For example to handle `https` schemes the following will need to add:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For example to handle `https` schemes the following needs to be added to your manifest:
```

>
> ```
> <manifest ...>
>     <queries>
>         <intent>
>             <action android:name="android.intent.action.VIEW" />

> >             <data android:scheme="http"/>

Reviewer: With the https example line above, this should be https, correct?

```suggestion
>             <data android:scheme="https"/>
```
